---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/obstkiste/202412120834/"}
---

Success and failure are fleeting.
Together they polish the stone of wisdom.

---

Everything is a weight that is a battery

---

You can bring things to life with your energy and vitality. You put energy into things and they can flourish and start things of their own
Projects are like that too. Putting energy into things brings them to life. 

---

How to pass on tacit knowledge?
How to put something into a word container where it does not belong? That to even explain something tacit unravels it in some secret way?

---

Keep writing until there is nothing left
There will never be nothing left

---

The writing has replaced the sketchbook. Because it wasn't that the intention was wrong, but the container was wrong. 

---

There is an inner voice that many people have, and even though you may hear it, it is only a part of who you really are.
[[tau-j/fr_ inner voice\|fr_ inner voice]]

---

Another part of you is the part that listens

---

Pay kindness to yourself by keeping yourself away from the things that harm you.

---

Everything will kill you in the end
[[Obstkiste/my tombstone\|my tombstone]]
[[tau-j/fr_ everything\|fr_ everything]]

---

My inner enemy is telling me to be active and walk around. I am listening to this impulse for self improvement and that is the very part of my brain that aches. I would rather lie here.

The longer I stay in the house the harder it becomes to leave

---

Gratitude is the mother of happiness.

---

Building is introverted, selling is introverted.
How can you have the best of both things? The rich inner world of the introvert with the confidence of expression of the extrovert. 

---


