---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/obstkiste/202407260936/"}
---

You can squeeze more joy out of life by taking your time with almost everything. There is joy to be had with it all. Sensation is transient. The collection of molecules (the [[Obstkiste/container\|container]] of self) is transient. The beauty in sensation. Can it be wonderful to feel. Feelings have meaning, feelings mean nothing (only you can feel them). So take things slowly and think about where you are while you do them. Concentrate your mind on the parts of the body you are using. Cause the flowers to bloom in your mind by holding all of the good ideas in your mind at the same time, until they become part of your being.

It can be hard in projects to know when to stop adding things. The skill of taste is knowing what things to add but also in knowing what things not to add, and what things to take away. It might not be immediately obvious what this is, so it's worth experimenting. If you ar e not sure you should [[Obstkiste/make it as personal as possible\|make it as personal as possible]]


[[Obstkiste/waiting\|waiting]] is something you should never do - it is something passive and something that relies on external things. Instead be where you are - actively inside the universe. This does not mean moving around all the time, but it means that you are where you are and not with your mind in the future or past

Experiment without expectations. Just let your [[Obstkiste/notching\|notching]] be free. Expectations of the quality of the outcome in particular are toxic. If you are not happy with your work then you are not spending enough time in sketchbooks. Experiment broad, experiment narrow. Think horizontal, think vertical. Narrow down once you have the right thing and be laser focus. [[Ξ archive/! Kanbans/Free Time Kanban\|Free Time Kanban]] is great resource for finding ideas for [[Obstkiste/notching\|notching]]. In this way you can multiply your talent. 

#Q :: Is the vault a kind of [[Obstkiste/sketchbook\|sketchbook]]?

A constant state of beginning should lie in the mind, that everything is only at a beginning state. 
History is circular, time is a flat circle. Time is an illusion and a note rings out with no beginning and no end. The note is always starting because it has no end. It has no beginning because it has no end.


It can be hard not to complain about others. It is because I have not understood them well enough. Or it is because I understand them too well and their plans for me are not the plans that I share. 

---

What do to do with people that wish harm upon me? Ignore them if possible, fight them if needed. Try not to give any fucks about any of it. Try to have patience, but when it runs out - take no prisoners. Your emotions are important but don't let them rule you. 

---

You are the self that writes, not the self that reads. You are the self that dances because then you are sharing your light. You can choose to be full of light when you write and when you dance. You can be yourself when you relax and do these things. You can be yourself when you get out of your own way. Your shoulders and feet are in the right place and your are not turning every thought back to your self.
You are the self that writes and you are [[Obstkiste/character crafting\|character crafting]] when you do this. You are the self that draws and you are crafting [[Obstkiste/superpower\|superpower]] when you do this. You are the self in the present, not the self in the past or the future. The self in the now time not the non-now time. The self that is sure of self and so can let it go. The core self that is only revealed by actively doing things - writing is not passive. Write more and more until there is only the core self, only the true words left. How many millions of words, millions of sentences does it take? It doesn't matter. The light of the inner self is there somewhere. It is process and outcome in one.
[[Obstkiste/ego\|ego]]


#Q :: Are you the self that acts or the self that reacts?
You are the self that acts? - this tracks as it is the active part that is writing, and the reactive part that is reading. Are you actively playing, or waiting? How much of your life is [[Obstkiste/waiting\|waiting]]? 

My [[Obstkiste/north star\|north star]] is not going back to the UK.
It is not the water outside of the boat that sinks it, it is the water that gets inside. I'm unwilling to feel uncomfortable.


[[Obstkiste/context switch\|context switch]]ing is a lot to do with [[Obstkiste/open your notes\|open your notes]] - it is choosing a [[Obstkiste/container\|container]] for a [[tau-j/fractions/mind like water\|mind like water]]

---

Community is the future, not individualism. The broad patterns of civilisation. Individuals are symptoms, especially those elevated. We are all of ourselves, and of the society we come from. 

Eventually you will [[Obstkiste/sublime from words\|sublime from words]] and speak very little. A wise man says nothing at all. The wisest never needs to speak. Words are weighted carefully. The sharp edges of containers lie around words. 

Sharp edged things can create something blurred.
