---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/obstkiste/202506230928/","tags":["#blog"]}
---

Still getting caught up in pedantry because I'm not sure *where* to write now. This place is for this thing and that place is for that thing. But no place for actually writing.

The truth is of course that any place is place for [[Obstkiste/actually writing\|actually writing]]. Any time you're sitting and thinking about it and using a way to record things. Any time the process is painful and hard. Everything worth doing requires some measure of concentration. Perhaps there are people who find it easy. It is a road that has hills and valleys. Some times it's easy to go down a gradient, and other times every word is a struggle. 

The truth perhaps is that I always should have been writing, that this is where I feel like myself. I feel like I can see myself on the page. 

---

I want to be free of pedantry. I read the definition of pedantry and it chilled me

> _the quality of being too interested in formal rules and small details that are not important_
> https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/pedantry

I feel like I value minimalism and yet it is possible to be a pedant about this more than anything. If only a few things, then *which* few things and *why*. 

Pedantry has value in the world of design. Pedantry is a form of chest beating. Not necessarily masculine but a show of territory, a demand for respect.

---

I'm writing about design and designers as if it applies to anyone else. When people say "people say" they are really talking about themselves. Any opinion ascribed to a generalised third party is the opinion of the first party. 

---

I was writing an essay on epistemology and design. I should pick it up again. I dodged myself out of it. I talked myself out of it. I outsmarted myself into avoidance. I'd rather write words of pedantry than get into something hard like that. Pedantry is a big source of procrastination. If procrastination has an emotional origin, then pedantry does too. 